added migration guide for Bolt@2.x (#442)
slackapi/bolt: docs/_advanced/middleware_global.md

Both global and listener middleware must call `await next()` to pass control of the execution chain to the next middleware, or call `throw` to pass an error back up the previously-executed middleware chain.

As an example, let's say your app should only respond to users identified with a corresponding internal authentication service (an SSO provider or LDAP, for example). You may define a global middleware that looks up a user record in the authentication service and errors if the user is not found.

> *Note: Since `Bolt@2.x`, global middleware was updated to support `async` functions! View the [migration guide for V2](https://slack.dev/bolt/tutorial/migration-v2) to learn more.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: Since v2, global middleware was updated to support `async` functions! View the [migration guide for V2](https://slack.dev/bolt/tutorial/migration-v2) to learn about the changes.*
```
